Effective Date: January 25th, 2018
Thank you for playing NExtStar! This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.

By installing "NextStar" you understand and consent to this Privacy Policy. 

-> Collection of Information:
a-> Information You Provide (not necessarily all of these)
	a1 -> contact information (such as email)
	a2 -> player name
	a3 -> any other data you provide.

b-> Information Collected Automatically
	b1 - Game version
	b2 - A random game ID per game
	b3 - user location (eg. what country you are from).
	b4 - Usage Information: including levels completed, game scores, time spent playing game, and other game play information.
	b5 - Hardware Information: We collect information about device you use to play the game, including the hardware model, operating system and version, browser  mobile network information, list of other BNEI mobile applications installed on the device, MAC address, IP address International Mobile Equipment Identity (“IMEI”) number and other unique device identifiers made available by the operating system of your device.
c-> Information Received Through Your Third Party Platform Account
	c1-> Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Game. (such as Facebook or Google).
	
-> How We Use The Information We Collect
	Create an account and allow you to play the game
	Trouble-shooting errors or issues
	Verify and confirm payments
	Tracking purchases and usage information
	Develop and improve the Game and player experience
	Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
	To analyze, profile, and segment.
	Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support
	Detect, investigate and/or prevent fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity

-> Data retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.

Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
-> How to Delete Your Account and What Happens When Your Account is Terminated or Deleted

-> Children's Privacy
 We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act) and we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Under no circumstance persons under the age of 13 may use NextStar. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age, please contact us.

-> International Operations.
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.


-> California Privacy Rights Notice

-> Nevada Privacy Rights Notice

-> Your European Privacy Rights (GDPR)


-> Security of Data
we strive to use acceptable means to protect your Personal Data but no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


-> OPT-OUT RIGHTS
yuo can stop all collection of information through by uninstalling the Game.


-> Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or visit the Privacy Policy of Google: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/

-> Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/

-> Social Sharing Feature
The Services may offer social sharing features or other tools, which let you share actions or link the Services with social media.  The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the social media platform.  For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the social media platforms.

-> Changes To This Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may be updated at any time to reflect changes made to currently existing or newly added services. Therefore it is advised you review this page for changes routinely. When changes are applied the “last modified” date at the top of the page will be updated.


-> Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: nextstarsystem@gmail.com