Assemble your epic team of space robots, Visit a Star and then "Next Star"! and Extend your realm in galaxy!
Easy to learn but hard to master physics based robot game!
Privacy Policy
Parent's Guide
Terms of service
Contact us
Effective Date: January 1st, 2021
Thank you for playing NextStar! This Privacy Policy describes The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so, How we use your personal data and The choices you have about your personal data.
By installing "NextStar" you understand and consent to this Privacy Policy.
Table of contents
Collection Of Information
How We Use The Information We Collect
Data Retention
Children's Privacy
Advertising
Analytics
Security of Data
International Data Transfers
Your Rights On Data
Social Sharing
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Information You Provide (not necessarily all of these)
contact information (such as email)
player name
any other data you provide.
Information Collected Automatically
Game version
A random game ID per game
user location (eg. what country you are from).
Usage Information: including levels completed, game scores, time spent playing game, and other game play information..
Hardware Information: We collect information about device you use to play the game, including the hardware model, operating system and version, browser  mobile network information, list of other BNEI mobile applications installed on the device, MAC address, IP address International Mobile Equipment Identity (“IMEI”) number and other unique device identifiers made available by the operating system of your device.
Information Received Through Your Third Party Platform Account
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Game. (such as Facebook or Google).
How We Use The Information We Collect
Create an account and allow you to play the game.
Trouble-shooting errors or issues.
Verify and confirm payments.
Tracking purchases and usage information.
Develop and improve the Game and player experience.
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players.
To analyze, profile, and segment.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support.
Detect, investigate and/or prevent fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act) and we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Under no circumstance persons under the age of 13 may use NextStar. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age, please contact us.
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
AdMob by Google
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app or visit the Privacy Policy of Google.
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google.
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service..
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page.
we strive to use acceptable means to protect your Personal Data but no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of your data.
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
OPT-OUT Rights: you can stop all collection of information through uninstalling the Game.
Access the personal data we hold about you: If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Deleting Or Modifying Personal Information: If you would like to access, modify, or delete any information that can personally identify you contact us.
The Game may offer social sharing features or other tools, which let you share actions or link the Services with social media.  The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the social media platform.  For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the social media platforms.
This privacy policy may be updated at any time to reflect changes made to currently existing or newly added services. Therefore it is advised you review this page for changes routinely. When changes are applied the “last modified” date at the top of the page will be updated.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: nextstarsystem@gmail.com